
XX-Find 01
kennedy administration pressure on ngo dinh diem to stop
suppressing the buddhists .
XX-Find 02
efforts of ambassador henry cabot lodge to get viet nam's
president diem to change his policies of political repression .
XX-Find 03
number of troops the united states has stationed in south
viet nam as compared with the number of troops it has stationed
in west germany .
XX-Find 04
u.s . policy toward the new regime in south viet nam which overthrew
president diem .
XX-Find 05
persons involved in the viet nam coup .
XX-Find 06
ceremonial suicides committed by some buddhist monks in south viet nam
and what they are seeking to gain by such acts .
XX-Find 07
rejection by prince norodom sihanouk, an asian neutralist leader,
of all further u.s . aid to his nation .
XX-Find 08
u.n . team survey of public opinion in north borneo and sarawak on
the question of joining the federation of malaysia .
XX-Find 09
opposition of indonesia to the newly-created malaysia .
XX-Find 010
growing controversy in southeast asia over the proposed
creation of a federation of malaysia .
XX-Find 011
arrangements for indonesia to take over the administration
of west irian, which has been under united nations administration .
XX-Find 012
controversy between indonesia and malaya on the proposed
federation of malaysia, which would unite five territories .
XX-Find 013
precarious truce in laos which was brought up by britain
before the 14 nations that agreed on the truce in geneva last
year .
XX-Find 014
election of park chung hee as president of south korea .
XX-Find 015
efforts of the three-nation international control commission
for indo-china to try to stop the fighting that has flared
in laos .
XX-Find 016
withdrawal by the sultanate of brunei from the proposed
federation of malaysia .
XX-Find 017
agreement by the united arab republic and saudi arabia to
withdraw their forces from yemen, which involves observers
from the united nations expeditionary force being sent to yemen .
XX-Find 018
security council consideration of the complaints by 32 african
nations against south africa and portugal .
XX-Find 019
alternatives which have been offered if u.n . forces are
withdrawn from the congo .
XX-Find 020
british proposal for new high level negotiations with
russia or a four-power summit meeting .
XX-Find 021
strengths in popular votes of the various political parties in the
recent italian elections .
XX-Find 022
talks between secretary of state rusk and president tito of
yugoslavia concerning most-favored-nation treatment for yugoslav
exports to the united states .
XX-Find 023
parliamentary vote of confidence won by prime minister macmillan
on the profumo scandal and what effect the profumo scandal may
have on labor's chances in the next british elections .
XX-Find 024
leaders which figure in discussions of the future of the west
german chancellorship .
XX-Find 025
government crisis which was produced by the controversy involving
the walloons and the flemings .
XX-Find 026
wheat deals involving the united states, russia and canada .
XX-Find 027
coalition government to be formed in italy by the left-wing
socialists, the republicans, social democrats, and christian
democrats .
XX-Find 028
results of the political polls in britain regarding which party
is in the lead, the labor party or the conservatives .
XX-Find 029
what two proposals did de gaulle reject this year affecting allied
relations .
XX-Find 030
efforts by khrushchev to find a closer relationship with
yugoslavia .
XX-Find 031
bonn's opposition to proposals for an east-west nonaggression
pact .
XX-Find 032
background of the new prime minister of great britain .
XX-Find 033
president de gaulle's policy on british entry into the
common market .
XX-Find 034
proposals for a unified europe independent of the u.s .
XX-Find 035
background of the new chancellor of west germany, ludwig erhard .
XX-Find 036
successor to premier khrushchev .
XX-Find 037
hint by premier khrushchev, who is both the communist party
secretary and premier, that he may retire from one of his two posts .
XX-Find 038
premier khrushchev once again pressing for a nonaggression pact
between nato and the warsaw pact nations .
XX-Find 039
communist china's reaction to the soviet union's signing of
the nuclear test ban treaty with the west .
XX-Find 040
suggestion made by president kennedy for a nato nuclear missile
fleet manned by international crews .
XX-Find 041
provisions of the test ban treaty .
XX-Find 042
other nations possessing u.s . polaris missiles for their
nuclear submarine fleets .
XX-Find 043
dispute between the u.s . and the soviet union over inspection
systems at the geneva disarmament conferences .
XX-Find 044
signing of the test ban treaty .
XX-Find 045
nations working on nuclear weapons development .
XX-Find 046
president nasser's ruling out arab union so long as the present
governing party in syria remains in control .
XX-Find 047
prime minister nehru's coming under attack last week in the
first no-confidence motion entertained by the indian
parliament since his government took office .
XX-Find 048
agreement between syria and iraq on full economic unity
and closer economic cooperation .
XX-Find 049
continuing conflict between india and pakistan over kashmir .
XX-Find 050
indian fears of another communist chinese invasion .
XX-Find 051
the baath (renaissance) party founded by michel aflak, which has
gained control of syria and iraq and aims to unite all arab countries .
XX-Find 052
somalia is involved in border disputes with its neighbors .
what military aid is being supplied to somalia by russia .
XX-Find 053
take over again by moise tshombe of the katanga province
in the congo .
XX-Find 054
conference on african unity to be held in addis ababa on may 22
by the heads of state of 31 independent african nations .
XX-Find 055
federation of east africa to be formed by kenya, tanganyika
and uganda when kenya gains its independence on dec . 12 from britain .
XX-Find 056
effects of the sino-soviet dispute on the
new nations of africa and asia or on areas of ferment
in latin america .
XX-Find 057
communist chinese trade with the soviet union, the rest of the
communist world, and with the non-communist world .
XX-Find 058
albanian backing of communist china in the ideological
split with the soviet union .
XX-Find 059
red chinese blaming of economic troubles and the treaty-breaking
withdrawal of russian technical assistance for serious delays in its
development program .
